== README

* not Tab, but Space
  * indent: space 2
  * we don't want to annoy with some indent problem. FYI: http://blog.livedoor.jp/dankogai/archives/50475459.html

* write test, run test
  * if test fail, the change will not be merged to master branch.
  * but sometime writing test code results over-work. balance with project dead-line.

* its just a REST API
  * client is AngularJS.

=== env

* development
  * local
  * VM
* production
  * http[s]://www.compathy.net/ (AWS)

=== development setting

see: http://redmine.masaki925.com:1080/projects/wanderlust/wiki/Develop_setting

OR

if you wish to use Vagrant + Chef,
see: https://github.com/masaki925/compathy_vm/

===

* Ruby (2.0.0p247)
* Ruby on Rails 4.0.x
* Nginx (1.4.3)
* Unicorn (4.6.x)

* RDS (MySQL 5.6.x)

* sorcery
  * but not really using... see oauths_controller for detail

* spork (1.0.x)
* RSpec (2.14.x)
* FactoryGirl (4.2.x)
* ...

===

need database.yml, application.yml.
see config/*.sample.

===

operations

  bundle install
  
  # run web server
  bundle exec rails server
  
  # run test server
  bundle exec spork
  OR
  bundle exec rails server --debugger
  
  # run test
  bundle exec rake spec
  bundle exec rspec ./spec/hoge_spec.rb
  
=== About mail

Be careful for mail config within config/application.yml.
if MAIL_SMTP_USER and MAIL_SMTP_PASSWORD is set, some user triggered mail will be sent. (if you using production database data, the real use will receive your test mail !!)
if you don't need to test sending mail, comment out these envs.

=== Tips

spring make it fast.
  gem install spring
  gem rake routes

other info: http://redmine.masaki925.com:1080/projects/wanderlust/wiki/%E6%8A%80%E8%A1%93%E3%83%A1%E3%83%A2

